source :rubygems

gem 'bundler',                '>=1.0.0'

# Server
gem 'sinatra',                '~>1.0',    :require => false
gem 'sinatra-static-assets',  '~>0.5',    :require => false
gem 'rack',                   '>=1.0',    :require => false
gem 'rack-contrib',                       :require => false
gem 'erubis',                             :require => false
gem 'biomart',                '>=0.2.0',  :require => false
gem 'json',                               :require => false
gem 'parallel',                           :require => false
gem 'yui-compressor',                     :require => false
gem 'closure-compiler',                   :require => false
gem 'activesupport',          '~>3.0',    :require => false
gem 'i18n',                               :require => false
gem 'memcache-client',        '>=1.8',    :require => false
gem 'mongo',                              :require => false
gem 'mongo_store',                        :require => false
gem 'bson_ext',                           :require => true
gem 'will_paginate',          '~>2.3',    :require => false
gem 'hoptoad_notifier',                   :require => false
gem 'newrelic_rpm',                       :require => false

# IndexBuilder
gem 'rubytree',               '~>0.7',    :require => 'tree'
gem 'sequel',                 '~>3.0',    :require => false
gem 'mysql2',                             :require => false
# gem 'ruby-oci8',                          :require => false
gem 'builder',                '~>3.0',    :require => false

# Misc
gem 'awesome_print',                      :require => false
gem 'vlad',                               :require => false
gem 'vlad-git',                           :require => false
gem 'hoe',                                :require => false

group :development, :test do
  gem 'yard',                             :require => false
  gem 'shoulda',              '>=2.11',   :require => false
  gem 'vcr',                  '>=1.1',    :require => false
  gem 'webmock',                          :require => false
  gem 'rack-test',            '>=0.5',    :require => false
  gem 'capybara',             '>=0.4.0',  :require => false
  gem 'simplecov',                        :require => false,  :platforms => :ruby_19
  gem 'simplecov-rcov',                   :require => false,  :platforms => :ruby_19
  gem 'wirble',                           :require => false
  gem 'test-unit',                        :require => false
end
